hey block sir is the scone epiphysis
here creative director for blocks world
today I'm going to play through heroes
of the arrow set chapter three a game of
bridge we're back with Turk and Sergio
they're searching for the orb of Lagos
in this game we explore some new methods
for creating AI Turk has a circle tag
scripted on him and Sergio has follow
circles when you press are both Turk and
Sergio are tagged with the avoid
triangle tile so that they avoid the
black borders of the bridge which are
tagged with triangle this can be useful
when you are creating your own
platforming games and don't want to
block stir to fall off the edge we've
received some questions about how Sergio
got his eyepatch well before Turk finds
him in Chapter one he was jumped by like
ten Merkle's he defeated eight of them
but the last two were too much and he
was injured in battle you'll notice that
the crates are able to be moved on the
bridge this is because we used the no
blue block for the center of the bridge
with that block we can put any other
blocks or block stirs on top of it and
they will be movable
we're just going to get past this laser
by pushing this metal crate in front of
it and what it looks like the Merkel
stepped up their game this time let's
get up that ladder quick yep they really
do make a great team I hope you enjoyed
hearing more about euros marrow add
heroes of arrow to your collection by
visiting the shop in the app make sure
to LIKE comment and subscribe for more
here on YouTube I'm just going to put
the kiss and I'll see you next time
Gloucester's